"Part One - Overview: Provides an overview of computer organization and architecture and looks at how computer design has evolved."

Phần Một - Nhìn Tổng Quan: Đưa ra cái nhìn tổng quan về tổ chức và kiến trúc máy tính và xem thiết kế máy tính đã tiến triển / tiến hóa (?) như thế nào.

"Part Two - The Computer System: Examines the major components of a computer and their interconnections, both with each other and the outside world. This part also includes a detailed discussion of internal and external memory and of input/output (I/O). (Finally, the relationship between a computer’s architecture and the operating system running on that architecture is examined.)"

Phần Hai - Hệ Thống Máy Tính: Nghiên cứu các thành phần chính của một máy tính và sự tương tác giữa các thành phần với nhau và với thế giới bên ngoài. Phần này cũng trao đổi chi tiết về bộ nhớ trong và ngoài và về input/output (I/O).

"Part Three - Arithmetic and Logic: This part begins with a chapter that reviews number systems. (Chapter 10 is an extended discussion of computer arithmetic.) Chapter 11 is a survey of digital logic."

Phần Ba - Tính Toán Số Học và Logic: (Phần này bắt đầu với một chương điểm lại các hệ cơ số.) Chương 11 bàn về logic kỹ thuật số.
"Part Four - The Central Processing Unit: Examines the internal architecture and organization of the processor. This part looks at the instruction set architecture. The remainder of the part deals with the structure and function of the processor, including a discussion of reduced instruction set computer (RISC) and superscalar approaches."

Phần Bốn - Đơn Vị Xử Lý Trung Tâm (CPU): Nghiên cứu kiến trúc và tổ chức bên trong của bộ xử lý. Phần này nhìn vào kiến trúc tập lệnh. Còn lại là bàn về cấu trúc và chức năng của bộ xử lý, bao gồm máy tính tập lệnh đơn giản hóa (RISC) và các phương pháp tiếp cận superscalar (siêu vô hướng (?)).

"Part Five - Parallel Organization: Deals with parallel organization, including symmetric multiprocessing, clusters, and multicore architecture."

Phần Năm - Tổ Chức Song Song: Bàn về tổ chức song song, bao gồm đa xử lý đối xứng (SMP), cụm (clusters), và kiến trúc đa lõi (multicore architecture).
